README.md, before:

# gamedev-unreal
My projects from the Gamedev.tv "Unreal 4.22 C++ Developer: Learn C++ and Make Video Games" course

### Modules

#### Triple X
A number based puzzle game using basic C++ in the terminal. 

The player must solve the three number code to proceed through the rooms. Each room becomes incrementally more difficult.

#### Bull Cow Game
A terminal game built using C++ within Unreal. 

Similar to hangman, the player must guess the isogram (a word with no reapeating letters) within a limited number of lives. The game is won if the word is guessed and is lost if the lives run out. The player receives Bulls when their guess has letters in the correct index and Cows when the correct letter is in the wrong index.


### Building Escape (in progress)
A first person game built from scratch in Unreal using C++.

The player is trapped and must find a way to open the door to escape.

Building assets used from [Medieval Dungeon by Infuse Studio](https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/product/a5b6a73fea5340bda9b8ac33d877c9e2).

Commit message:

Add Crypt level and update README

README.md, after:

# gamedev-unreal
My projects from the Gamedev.tv "Unreal 4.22 C++ Developer: Learn C++ and Make Video Games" course

### Modules

#### Triple X
A number based puzzle game using basic C++ in the terminal. 

The player must solve the three number code to proceed through the rooms. Each room becomes incrementally more difficult.

#### Bull Cow Game
A terminal game built using C++ within Unreal. 

Similar to hangman, the player must guess the isogram (a word with no reapeating letters) within a limited number of lives. The game is won if the word is guessed and is lost if the lives run out. The player receives Bulls when their guess has letters in the correct index and Cows when the correct letter is in the wrong index.


### Building Escape
A first person game built in Unreal using C++ components.

The player is trapped and must find a way to open the door to escape. They notice the skeleton on the altar is missing it's skull. It is found in a separate area of the crypt and the door opens when returned to the altar.

[Demo](https://youtu.be/A3QLAgjD8KY)

Building assets used from [Medieval Dungeon by Infuse Studio](https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/product/a5b6a73fea5340bda9b8ac33d877c9e2).
